{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs32\lang9 CAB SERVICE MANAGEMENT\par
\fs28 Actors\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 User\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Admin\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Finance\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Cab Agency\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Driver\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Functions\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Login\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Registration\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Booking\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Payment\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Cancelation\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Invoice\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Logout\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\par
1. INTRODUCTION\fs24\par
\b0 The modern society cannot run without transport facilities. There are many companies who give transport services to the individual and corporate clients. In the current system, the client first contacts with the transport company for getting transport service. The company then books the vehicle for him on the requested date and time and then sends the vehicle to his place at the time. The Online cab booking system is the online service which will automate the process of booking a taxi and will facilitate both the client and the company with reduced time and efforts.\par
\b PURPOSE\par
\b0 The main purpose of the system is to automate the process of booking a cab online via an mobile app. Specific design and implementation details will be specified in a future document.\par
\b SCOPE\par
\b0 The scope of work would include:\par
The scope of the product to manage the front End and Back Office functions of a cab operator consists of the following key modules. It is to be noted that all the modules may  not be applicable to all transporters.\par
\b DEFINITIONS, ACRONYMS, and ABBREVIATIONS\par
\b0 SRS - System Requirement Study\par
\b REFERENCES\par
\b0 To refer the manuals.\par
\b OVERVIEW\par
\b0 This SRS is organized as follows,\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The section 2  gives an overall idea of product.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}It gives the requirements of the Cab Service Management system.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 2. OVERALL DESCRIPTION\par
\fs24 PRODUCT PERSPECTIVES\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 System Interfaces\fs28\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\fs24 User Interfaces\fs28\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\fs24 Hardware Interfaces\fs28\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\fs24 Software Interfaces\fs28\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\fs24 Communications Interfaces\fs28\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs24 REQUIREMENTS\par
\b0 1.Login\par
\tab  Login facility for validation. The login page should contain user login, admin login and driver login. If enter the site the login and signup button is available. The login page fields are,\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Email Id : It is a required in the login page and it is unique. It minimum (5) and maximum (20) character required. It must required @ in the email id.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Phone Number: It must required 10 digit.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Password: It must required charecters digits and spacial symbals.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 If you have account you can login the site. The login button will available in the page. if you have no account their is available in the sign up button. The sign up details are,\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Email Id : It is a required in the login page and it is unique. It minimum (5) and maximum (20) character required. It must required @ in the email id.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Phone Number: It must required 10 digit.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Password: It must required charecters digits and spacial symbals.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Confirm Password: We must give the password again into the conformation.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 If you will forget the password the forget password option will available in the login page. \par
2.Registration\par
All must fill a detailed form to register for services. The registration button will available in the next page. The registration button will click the registration form will open.The registration form will other options to register user, admin, driver and finance . The user registration form include,\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  First Name: It required minimum (1) and maxlength (20) and it must be a character.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab} Last Name: It required minimum (1) and maxlength (20) character.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Gender: They have two options male or female.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Email: It must give valid email id. Must give @ in the email id.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Contact Number: It must provide the 10 digit contact number.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The person will fill the registration form and click the save button. The details are saved the server. The person details must be secured.\par
The driver registration form include,\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 First Name: It required minimum (1) and maxlength (20) and it must be a character.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab} Last Name: It required minimum (1) and maxlength (20) character.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Gender: They have two options male or female.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Email: It must give valid email id. Must give @ in the email id.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Contact Number: It must provide the 10 digit contact number.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Driving Licence: It must be in document format, upload licence in document.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Year of Experience: IT must include how many years experience in driving.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
3. First page\par
\tab  Login will complete it goes a page, the page should include booking number, driver details and payment details. It must available in the booking button. It must include link to show cabs nearest the passenger. After successfull booking the page should be contain current booking details with additional details. It must include Booking Cancelation option too. Passenger must be able to see the booking details.\par
The search option will available in the home page. We can search the available cabs details, time schedule, locations, different charges and driver details. In the booking button will click it goes another page. \par
4. Booking\par
The booking button will click it goes another page ,that page contain booking details . That page must contain two options. The first option is from location, we can give the from location. Next is to location, we can give to location. We give the location it show the distance and it's fare. If we will booking the cab it show the payment button.\par
5.Payment\par
If press the payment button it shows the payment details. As the globe moves toward digitalization of payment systems, one can pay using a mobile wallet or through a variety of payment gateways such as Internet Banking, Card Payments, UPI, and others. If we choose a option we can pay that way.The payment completed, The payment shall be collected and the invoice will give to the customer. We can collect the payment details.\par
6.Invoice\par
It will show after the successfull payment. The invoice include from and to place and the customer name and payment details also.\par
7.Admin\par
Admin Module handle the entire Master forms such as Company informations, employee information.\par
User allocation, change password, vehicle type. This module also help to configure such as financial year configure \par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Maintain and update the cab details.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Cab master\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}employee master\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}User master\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 8. Logout\par
The booking will successfully completed, the first page contain the logout option too. If we press the logout button it goes login page.\par
\par
\f1\fs22\par
}
 